[ENG-11467][create-eas-build-function] improve readme in custom build function templates (#345)
expo/eas-build: packages/create-eas-build-function/templates/javascript/README.md

# This is your JavaScript function for EAS Build custom builds 🎉

## What is this? 👀

> This is a custom build function that can be used as a step in the EAS Build custom build process. If you don't know what custom builds are or how to use them, refer to the [custom builds documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/get-started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a custom build function that can be used as a step in the EAS Build build process. If you don't know what custom builds are or how to use them, refer to the [custom builds documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/get-started/).
```

> This is a way of executing your custom and very own JavaScript code as a part of your build process running on EAS servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a way of executing your custom JavaScript code as a part of your build process running on EAS servers.
```

## How can I use it? 🚀

> Please refer to [this](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/functions/) tutorial to learn how to use this function in your EAS Build custom build process.

Reviewer: Should we make whole "this tutorial" a link?

> You can also check the [custom build's **config.yml** schema reference](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/schema/) to learn more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check out the [custom build's **config.yml** schema reference](https://docs.expo.dev/custom-builds/schema/) to learn more!
```
